[settings]
mailaddress: dangraf79@gmail.com
port: 587
popserver: smtp.gmail.com
passowrd: vcjiqastoxzzimae


[maillist]
to: dangraf@hotmail.com, lindagrafstrom@hotmail.com
sendhour: 19:00

[Reflections]
1: What are you most gratefoul for today?
2: Tell about something new you have learned today.
3: Tell something funny that happened today that you can tell someone else.
4: Name an occation where you were lucky today.
5: What are you most satisfied about today?
6: Name 3 positive things that happened today.
7: Tell about someone you made happy today.
8: Name something that was not so good today and find a detail about it that was good.

[Missions]
1: Make someone happy.
2: Show your appreciation to someone that made something for you.
3: Try something new or different.
4: Do something that makes you happy.
5: Do something that you are not allowed to do but makes you happy.
6: Make contact to an old friend that you haven't spoken to for a long time.
7: Help someone.
8: Make sure you get enough sleep.
9: Listen to what others have to say without talking about your own experience.
10: Be positive for others ideas, but be realistic.
11: Try find 10 different smells during the day.
12: Try to not use the telephone or computer for a whole day.
13: Make a nice event on work.
14: when someone asks you a question, make a direct suggestion without asking about others opinion. eg what will we have for dinner? - I suggest purrage.
15: Give a nice compliment to someone.

[Selfimprove]
1: Name a thing in you life that consumes your time but doesn't give something back.
2: What are you working on at the moment. Explain what will happen if you do the absolute oposite.
3: Name something you are affraid of and explain why it's so ferrifying.
4: If you loose your job today, what is your backup plan?
5: What would you do if there was no risk of failure and you were 10 times smarter than everybody else?
6: What would make you realy exited to wake up in the morning?
7: Name a place you wold like to visit.
8: Name a thing you wold like to do before you die.
9: Name a thing that you always wanted to learn how to do.
10: list the things you need to do tomorrow. find out a way to do everything in half of the time.

[Productivity]
1: What is motivating you to do your work? what makes you feel you are in contol? Take control!
2: Focus, make a mental model of what is happening.
3: What is your longterm goal for next year, and short term goal for tomorrow?
4: Desision making. List many options and choose the one that is most probabilistic one.
5: Combine ideas from different areas into a novel combination.
6: make it hard to learn, that makes it stick better.
7: Manageing, make people responible that is closest to the problem.
8: Make your team interact together, that matters more than who is on that team.
9: Read this: http://freakonomics.com/podcast/how-to-be-more-productive/
10: Find a new project to dig in to.
11: Set a main-goal for the day instead of making a Todo-list to make it absolutly clear for yourself what to do.

